won't you play against me all right here
we go guys
playing that sticks and stones that
you're gonna double let me get lipsmack
way to be talking smack damn it when
you're talking that smack again smack
them up smack them up jabronis
let's get back into zombo's with the guy
go with it guy
Oh a they killed each other oh Jesus
you just need them give me Jesus ah
alright let's let's get away from that
stay away
here we go coming up the hill got him
you didn't even know he was coming to
set you didn't even haven't got him you
mean he wasn't in the Union you never
sag rights or Nothing hey Oh God here's
the director Oh everyone's a man right
now you met rose oh come on come on look
at me go oh you've got a hatchet
oh there's mad mad people there they all
wanted a piece of luge they were
smacking their lips and shoot oh really
okay just don't want to get hatchet it's
like the worst feeling in the world but
it's the best feeling in the forest
imagine somebody but not your self yeah
like it's like it's like when you're
hungry
oh man that's bull right there that's
some bull hey mouth of the trailer okay
let's go upstairs let's try that again
trying oh this guy up here man he's I'll
he's you don't grimy up there oh okay
hey why are my nights going through you
are you serious though like you're
glitching broski are you are you
glitching I just want to know because
that wasn't our dragon all right let's
see the score boards 55 55 60 behind got
him from behind wanted wanted down got
it too
shoot the tree luge once you shoot the
tree okay luge shoot the tree did I good
oh I got him oh my god I felt it you
know it felt good
look at us our dead bodies you got first
got on with the Hashim bankroll baby go
to the bank they ain't no money then for
you I died oh man we got 85 points
though we need a hatchet everybody got
him oh he's trying to head you me I'll
be catching up we need to pick up some
good ammo here we gotta check off front
or back
did I get him I was free video that was
not all right it's 9500 got a little bit
minute left
oh did I get I saw the hit magas it's a
bologna right yeah but while these Swiss
cheese Parmesan pasta I'm hungry
oh my gosh all right time line guys all
we're not hurting we are not in first
grasshoppers got him whole grasshoppers
hello I'm gonna run after the night
dealers artist
damn it guys damn it we need it we need
to win here we need to win
we need a win central come on damn it
second place went 16 and 12 for axes 1 7
but no we got the win cuz you got a
place 1 2 3
Thanks I was trying to kill that guy and
that guy had you a mile away damn